# Build Tools Folder

## app.yaml static and dynamic handlers "includes" files generator

### Why static and dynamic handlers files generator?

Default App Engine Python app.yaml format makes people repeat themselves all the time. Examples:

- When special handlers for "index.html" is defined, the expiration, special headers already provided in `*.html` handler section must be repeated again.
- Within the handler definition for, say, `*.html` extension, you must repeat that same regex 2 or 3 times (in `upload`, `static` and `url` directives).

The pain with "repeating yourself" is magnified when the application relies on commingling dynamic and static "folders" and you need to inject exclusionary pattern into each static handler declaration.

WHen the needed handler yaml files are generated by a script from some "source" file that does not require repeating yourself, life is a little happier.

### How to use this "generator" system?

Review `app.static_handlers.source.yaml` and `app.dynamic_handlers.source.yaml` files. 

Remove from static hanlders source file references to extensions you do not intend to serve **statically**. 
Review and edit corresponding `.mustache` template if you think you need to add some special-case static handlers.

Confirm dynamic handler source file contents properly reflect the routes you are declaring when you are creating the WSGI application in your `.py` files.

Run `pip install -r build_tools/requirements.txt` to insure that all depencencies config file generator script needs will be met. (Or, look at the file and install these python modules manually)
Run `app_handlers_generator.py` to generate new `app.static_handlers.yaml` and `app.dynamic_handlers.yaml` includes for `app.yaml`
